README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Kubespot (Helm)

- cert-manager
- datadog
- keda
- nginx
- prometheus
- grafana

# Configuration

## cert-manager

To use cert-manager add the following annotation to your Ingress

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  annotations:
    # add an annotation indicating the issuer to use.
    cert-manager.io/cluster-issuer: letsencrypt
  name: myIngress
  namespace: myIngress
spec:
  tls:
    - hosts:
        - https-example.foo.com
      secretName: testsecret-tls
  rules:
    - host: https-example.foo.com
      http:
        paths:
          - path: /
            pathType: Prefix
            backend:
              service:
                name: service1
                port:
                  number: 80
```

# Grafana

Grafana is installed on a ClusterIP use the following to open it locally.

```
kubectl port-forward -n grafana service/grafana 6891:80
open https://localhost:6891

Username: opszero
Password: opszero
```

# Deployment

```sh
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply -auto-approve
```

# Teardown

```sh
terraform destroy -auto-approve
```
# Pro Support

<a href="https://www.opszero.com"><img src="https://assets.opszero.com/images/opszero_11_29_2016.png" width="300px"/></a>

[opsZero provides support](https://www.opszero.com/devops) for our modules including:

- Email support
- Zoom Calls
- Implementation Guidance
## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_helm"></a> [helm](#provider\_helm) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | n/a |
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cert_manager_email"></a> [cert\_manager\_email](#input\_cert\_manager\_email) | Your email address to use for cert manager | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cert_manager_leader_election_namespace"></a> [cert\_manager\_leader\_election\_namespace](#input\_cert\_manager\_leader\_election\_namespace) | The namespace used for the leader election lease. Change to cert-manager for GKE Autopilot | `string` | `"kube-system"` | no |
| <a name="input_datadog_api_key"></a> [datadog\_api\_key](#input\_datadog\_api\_key) | The API key for datadog | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_datadog_values"></a> [datadog\_values](#input\_datadog\_values) | Values for datadog helm chart | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_datadog_values_extra"></a> [datadog\_values\_extra](#input\_datadog\_values\_extra) | List of extra values for datadog helm chart | `list` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_efs_enable"></a> [grafana\_efs\_enable](#input\_grafana\_efs\_enable) | Enable EFS storage for Grafana | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_efs_storage_class_name"></a> [grafana\_efs\_storage\_class\_name](#input\_grafana\_efs\_storage\_class\_name) | If EFS is needed pass EFS storage class, but make sure efs and efs driver deployed | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_enabled"></a> [grafana\_enabled](#input\_grafana\_enabled) | Enable grafana | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_google_auth_client_id"></a> [grafana\_google\_auth\_client\_id](#input\_grafana\_google\_auth\_client\_id) | Add Google Auth client id | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_google_auth_client_secret"></a> [grafana\_google\_auth\_client\_secret](#input\_grafana\_google\_auth\_client\_secret) | Add Google Auth client secret | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_enabled"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_enabled](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_enabled) | Enable grafana ingress | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_hosts"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_hosts](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_hosts) | Add grafana ingress hosts | `list` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_persistence_storage"></a> [grafana\_persistence\_storage](#input\_grafana\_persistence\_storage) | Enable persistence storage for Grafana | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_nginx_max_replicas"></a> [nginx\_max\_replicas](#input\_nginx\_max\_replicas) | Maximum number of Nginx Replicas | `number` | `11` | no |
| <a name="input_nginx_min_replicas"></a> [nginx\_min\_replicas](#input\_nginx\_min\_replicas) | Minimum number of Nginx Replicas | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_nginx_name"></a> [nginx\_name](#input\_nginx\_name) | Release name for the installed helm chart | `string` | `"nginx"` | no |
| <a name="input_nginx_yml_file"></a> [nginx\_yml\_file](#input\_nginx\_yml\_file) | n/a | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_additional_scrape_configs"></a> [prometheus\_additional\_scrape\_configs](#input\_prometheus\_additional\_scrape\_configs) | Add additional scrape for configuration for prometheus if needed | <pre>list(object({<br>    job_name = string<br>    targets  = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_enabled"></a> [prometheus\_enabled](#input\_prometheus\_enabled) | Enable prometheus | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_persistence_storage"></a> [prometheus\_persistence\_storage](#input\_prometheus\_persistence\_storage) | Enable persistence storage for Prometheus | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_pushgateway_ingress_host"></a> [pushgateway\_ingress\_host](#input\_pushgateway\_ingress\_host) | List of hosts for prometheus push gateway ingress | `list` | `[]` | no |
## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [helm_release.cert-manager](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.datadog](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.grafana](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.keda](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.nginx](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.prometheus](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [null_resource.cert-manager-cluster-issuer](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Cert-manager > Fix cert manager leader election and update readme
There are issues with GKE autopilot when we try to create/edit kube-system namespace, as this namespace is protected by Google.
So we should use the cert-manager ns.

https://cert-manager.io/docs/troubleshooting/webhook/

README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Kubespot (Helm)

- cert-manager
- datadog
- keda
- nginx
- prometheus
- grafana

# Configuration

## cert-manager

To use cert-manager add the following annotation to your Ingress

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  annotations:
    # add an annotation indicating the issuer to use.
    cert-manager.io/cluster-issuer: letsencrypt
  name: myIngress
  namespace: myIngress
spec:
  tls:
    - hosts:
        - https-example.foo.com
      secretName: testsecret-tls
  rules:
    - host: https-example.foo.com
      http:
        paths:
          - path: /
            pathType: Prefix
            backend:
              service:
                name: service1
                port:
                  number: 80
```
## Cert-manager troubleshooting

1. When deploying make sure api startup job completed correctly.
2. In Some cases there might be issues with network when setting up the cluster, if it's failed try to check
the webhook pod and check the logs.
3. cert manager has complete https://cert-manager.io/docs/troubleshooting/webhook/ troubleshooting guide.

# Grafana

Grafana is installed on a ClusterIP use the following to open it locally.

```
kubectl port-forward -n grafana service/grafana 6891:80
open https://localhost:6891

Username: opszero
Password: opszero
```

# Deployment

```sh
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply -auto-approve
```

# Teardown

```sh
terraform destroy -auto-approve
```
# Pro Support

<a href="https://www.opszero.com"><img src="https://assets.opszero.com/images/opszero_11_29_2016.png" width="300px"/></a>

[opsZero provides support](https://www.opszero.com/devops) for our modules including:

- Email support
- Zoom Calls
- Implementation Guidance
## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_helm"></a> [helm](#provider\_helm) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | n/a |
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cert_manager_email"></a> [cert\_manager\_email](#input\_cert\_manager\_email) | Your email address to use for cert manager | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cert_manager_leader_election_namespace"></a> [cert\_manager\_leader\_election\_namespace](#input\_cert\_manager\_leader\_election\_namespace) | The namespace used for the leader election lease. Change to cert-manager for GKE Autopilot | `string` | `"kube-system"` | no |
| <a name="input_datadog_api_key"></a> [datadog\_api\_key](#input\_datadog\_api\_key) | The API key for datadog | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_datadog_values"></a> [datadog\_values](#input\_datadog\_values) | Values for datadog helm chart | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_datadog_values_extra"></a> [datadog\_values\_extra](#input\_datadog\_values\_extra) | List of extra values for datadog helm chart | `list` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_efs_enable"></a> [grafana\_efs\_enable](#input\_grafana\_efs\_enable) | Enable EFS storage for Grafana | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_efs_storage_class_name"></a> [grafana\_efs\_storage\_class\_name](#input\_grafana\_efs\_storage\_class\_name) | If EFS is needed pass EFS storage class, but make sure efs and efs driver deployed | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_enabled"></a> [grafana\_enabled](#input\_grafana\_enabled) | Enable grafana | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_google_auth_client_id"></a> [grafana\_google\_auth\_client\_id](#input\_grafana\_google\_auth\_client\_id) | Add Google Auth client id | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_google_auth_client_secret"></a> [grafana\_google\_auth\_client\_secret](#input\_grafana\_google\_auth\_client\_secret) | Add Google Auth client secret | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_enabled"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_enabled](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_enabled) | Enable grafana ingress | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_ingress_hosts"></a> [grafana\_ingress\_hosts](#input\_grafana\_ingress\_hosts) | Add grafana ingress hosts | `list` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana_persistence_storage"></a> [grafana\_persistence\_storage](#input\_grafana\_persistence\_storage) | Enable persistence storage for Grafana | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_nginx_max_replicas"></a> [nginx\_max\_replicas](#input\_nginx\_max\_replicas) | Maximum number of Nginx Replicas | `number` | `11` | no |
| <a name="input_nginx_min_replicas"></a> [nginx\_min\_replicas](#input\_nginx\_min\_replicas) | Minimum number of Nginx Replicas | `number` | `2` | no |
| <a name="input_nginx_name"></a> [nginx\_name](#input\_nginx\_name) | Release name for the installed helm chart | `string` | `"nginx"` | no |
| <a name="input_nginx_yml_file"></a> [nginx\_yml\_file](#input\_nginx\_yml\_file) | n/a | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_additional_scrape_configs"></a> [prometheus\_additional\_scrape\_configs](#input\_prometheus\_additional\_scrape\_configs) | Add additional scrape for configuration for prometheus if needed | <pre>list(object({<br>    job_name = string<br>    targets  = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_enabled"></a> [prometheus\_enabled](#input\_prometheus\_enabled) | Enable prometheus | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_prometheus_persistence_storage"></a> [prometheus\_persistence\_storage](#input\_prometheus\_persistence\_storage) | Enable persistence storage for Prometheus | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_pushgateway_ingress_host"></a> [pushgateway\_ingress\_host](#input\_pushgateway\_ingress\_host) | List of hosts for prometheus push gateway ingress | `list` | `[]` | no |
## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [helm_release.cert-manager](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.datadog](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.grafana](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.keda](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.nginx](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [helm_release.prometheus](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/helm/latest/docs/resources/release) | resource |
| [null_resource.cert-manager-cluster-issuer](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
